He treats you as a fool,
You have so much money later, don’t you want to call the police?
What? Call the police, must call the police,
I treat you like a big brother, but you actually treat me as your big brother,
Just wait, let the old nose loosen and pierce!
If it’s not a niche, don’t promote it
If you don’t, then you won’t be stable.
If I return all the money, who wants you?
You use money to admit that you did it
You have to do it
me me me me
Sitting in this entire niche
Then you are still wrong about your husband
Is there anything else you need me to do?
I started from the place where I tidied up
Can I let you play the role of sleeping with you?
Is this what you call it?
Good on your behalf
I'm going to see Zhou Mengjie
I don't know
My girlfriend is holding a bubble sign
Want to see the boss
you are so big you
It’s Zhou Mengjie’s lucky job
Said that the dream has been handed over to me personally
Are you talking in your sleep again?
Miss Duo is an identity that passed by the party
Let’s go to the Zhou family quickly
Give you a piece of trash
But I can't leave without you